# mySolveKit
This is a collection of Java solutions I've created to programming problems from various websites. Made with [SolveKit.](https://github.com/twisted-nematic57/SolveKit.git)

Inputs to problems are not included for copyright reasons. The only exception to this is the short snippets of input revealed to the public by LeetCode, as it's inconvenient to remove that, and it's public anyway.

## LLM Disclaimer
Some Large Language Models (often incorrectly referred to as "artificial intelligence") were used to assist in writing these solutions in what I consider an acceptable way.
 * IntelliJ IDEA's Inline Code Completion tool was used to speed up development. No original ideas were generated by this; it simply predicted what I was going to write and got it correct 60% of the time.
 * Other miscellaneous LLMs were used to quickly understand new things about Java that I did not know about before. I am a novice and I asked questions about best practices and how a professional would implement certain things. I then cross-checked that with other sources manually. **Large, contiguous blocks of code generated by LLMs are not present in these solutions.**

In summary, I have tried to leverage LLMs to get menial editing tasks and learning done faster, while maintaining these solutions as a meaningful measure of how well I can write fast and functional code.

**LLMs should never be asked to directly solve any problems originating from any programming puzzle site/contest. The creator of these solutions condemns such acts.**


## Licensing
All code in this repository was written by me except the occasional Stack Overflow snippet (cited when appropriate). All is distributed under the [MIT License.](./LICENSE)
